you know we had a whole intro plan for
Elijah's $5,000 AMD ultimate Tech
upgrade and then I walked through the
door and I'm like is that cat pee and
also why is there a gigantic bag of
discount no-name potatoes Welcome Home
the crazy cat lady Vibes are so strong
yeah I have three that's why I bought an
automatic litter box the good news is
the way Elija likes to put extra holes
in things should make this the fastest
upgrade ever if if you know what I mean
oh that's not my fault please don't
break my house in all seriousness though
his setup is already pretty good like we
could be out of here by lunchtime all he
wants to do is improve his streaming
stuff so bit of a faster computer there
and some new webcam there and what is
that pile why do you have a Minecraft
mini fridge that's just for decoration
I'm also building a brand new Nas moving
my current computer into another case
building a brand new gaming system we're
all putting it in a server rack machine
and oh and I did get that litter robot
this is going to be an issue it's 10:37
we've only got minutes till your shift
ends well we better get
going I can claim
overtime thanks AMD
[Music]
AMD is here again to give you guys a
chance to win one of three Rog Alli X's
with Final Fantasy 16 powered by one of
amd's best mobile chips the Alx is
perfect for gaming on the go especially
with its 80w hour battery all you have
to do is head down to the description
and follow the link for your chance to
win thanks AMD for sponsoring this
series before we get started find oh man
there is so much to unpack in here did
you not realize you had a Funko Pop
problem when you started needing to put
them sideways to fit them on your wall
like you kept buying them also more
importantly why do you hate Apple Jack
what do you mean where's Apple Jack I
couldn't find Apple
Jack these are really tough to find by
the way excuses oh my goodness any true
collector would have Applejack that's
true all right I'll buy it on eBay no no
I'm is joke oh I don't want to be
judgmental here but you waste so much
money on what the is this these are
I know what they are you you were asking
I was trying to help I thought you
didn't know I know what an amido is and
I know how much they cost yeah no wonder
you have to steal things from the office
I have stolen nothing really like this
uh that was a gift from from who from
Ryan and Creator Warehouse
thanks Ryan I don't know if he paid for
it and this that one I paid for I used
my employee budget okay there's no way
you actually bought a belfine keyboard
that has got to be the one from short
circuit I bought it before I found out
we were getting one for short circuit
you bought a bathwater keyboard I have
good reasons my keyboard was breaking I
like collector's edition things and I
wanted a keyboard in that color scheme
it was great it was a good deal 1,000%
stoen well that's it's all part of the
upgrade it's like backup stuff just in
case we don't need it or we do need it
you
know but yeah stolen like he went and
took these off of our set deck so he
could have the limited edition ones they
were in the generic bin
backup I bet $1,000 they were in the
generic
Vin I paid for every single one of those
this has never been for
sale I found a black shaft in a bin when
we were allowing employees to make
custom screwdrivers and I took it cuz
it's a number two pencil see got the
lead yellow yellow and pink for the
Eraser this is just the stuff he had on
display no you're not allowed going in
there I'm I'm dead serious wife will
don't you dare wife will kill me please
don't I'm not look I'm not looking okay
Taylor will crack the whip yeah she's
scary oh my God two whale plushies
there's no way uh yeah I paid for one
uh-huh why do you have mini
PCS oh those are from my just on display
those are for my old job I tried to make
a cluster out of nucks and I I was going
to call it the cluster knck but I never
got to it I had like 10 at one point oh
my God there's more Funko Pops yeah you
need to stop I have like how much does
that cost last I checked it was like 180
Canadian I think we need to do a David
style intervention with him no no please
I mean I could pay off like every ounce
of debt I have if I sold them you should
not own Funko pops and debt well no it's
it's for when the building burns down
I'm waiting for the insurance payout are
they even insured yep well I have home
insurance on the the content in the home
and like it you know it you know it it's
part of L it's it's
okay we have three computers to build
mhm I was thinking we could give Colin
the nas he could just kind of work on it
on the counter back there I think he's
capable and then you and me can fight
over who builds the brand new gaming PC
or has to transplant that computer I'm
not fighting you okay which one would
you like to do I hate your case so much
he came to a land at my place he brought
this stupid thing takes up like half the
table so often I want to ask like what's
wrong with you don't answer that okay I
was going to say it's going to be a
while yeah like you have a razor chair
who buys this look at it it's so broken
the metal is shearing I will fall over
and it will break one day you know it's
bad for your back hey yeah it's fine I'm
buying a new chair next month I was
already 2K over budget so I couldn't fix
uh a chair into it drop a like on this
video and leave leave a comment if you
think it's time for Elijah to sell his
Funko pops while they're still
worth
anything get himself an ergonomic chair
and pay off his Funko Pop debt
well since you hate that case so much I
think you should transplant I'll
transplant the gaming PC I will build a
new one we're giving call in the NZ
calling you
good he's good yeah okay cool and then
what are you doing I'm going to build
the brand new gaming PC why do you need
two gaming PCs well cuz that one's
becoming a dedicated capture SL
streaming
PC and then I'm building a brand new
gaming PC so it doesn't have to deal
with the overhead of streaming you
already have a capture card yeah but
this one does two inputs so because I'm
getting a new camera Sony zve E10 which
HDMI please tell me with the amount that
you're spending on streaming stuff that
you actually make money at it yes the
amount that I'm over twitch this year
has covered it
essentially all right there you go oh my
God
don't don't knock over dream machine
don't knock over my Bel doine mouse
pad here Colin I would ask you to help
him but I think he's sort of beyond that
are these refurbished hard drives uh I
stole them out of my old client's server
they're like from
2012 they were recycling it I was like
hey they're perfectly good 4 terabytes
editor can you roll the clip where he
said how much stuff he stole I have
stolen nothing that was a gift I found a
black shaft in a bin this is borrowed
yeah I have a third one too but yeah
stolen oh my God
since this is just the gaming PC 7800
x3d basically like the fastest gaming
CPU right now until maybe 9,000 Next 3D
chips but we'll wait and see it's all
going to be
sitting on this b650 auror Elite ax you
spent too much on your motherboard I did
but it has 2.5 gig land which is what I
want because I'm going to get a 2.5 gig
switch down the road as well as the io
is freaking just stacked on this thing
so I'm
that's why I chose it I went with gskill
Flare X5 ddr5 Ram running at 6,000 cl30
I don't know 32 gigs total that's more
than enough for a gaming PC right your
upper lip sweats when you get nervous
yes you called out my sweating in the
last video there was not a small amount
of comments were like how dare you call
out a human for sweating lonus dude
there's no way you're sweatier than me
anyway I went with the two terab
Kingston nv2 this is taking forever yeah
well I'm working on it bucko and then
the Assassin x 120 refined okay cooler
is so cheap I love
it remember how we gave Logistics crap
in shad's upgrade for the cover
falling Jamie said I put the socket
cover on and then the date I noticed you
didn't mention your GPU I assume that
means you're going to keep using the one
from the old rig yeah that's doing all
of like the encoding for Twitch
streaming wait well why do you have a
secondary machine then What GPU you're
going to have in there you don't have a
GPU I bought the the yesen Sarai 7900
XTX this was $150 more than a normal
7900 XTX it's really pretty I hope
you've enjoyed how much the audience has
loved you up until now that's fine
they're cuz they're going to hate this
you know what that's fine yeah even our
camera I was going to wait for you to
figure it out like brother it's going
into a rack mounted computer that
doesn't even have a window I'll know
about it look how pretty that looks it's
pretty oh pretty
unnecessary oh my God God they put a
window over the pass through heat sink
finnage so this fan can't blow straight
through the card yeah it can no it can't
well it just get stuck at what point was
I such a bad role model for you uh no
hit me
again what do you mean by wobbles it
doesn't wobble what are you talking
about well it was like drooping I think
replacing this is a phenomenal waste of
money I don't think it'll fit also yep
you're replacing it I do need one of the
ssds out as well oh sure because I'm
dual booting on my main gaming PC oh
really are you going Linux Linux is
going to be my daily but there's a
handful of games that I still use that
require anti-che and so that's going to
have the windows drive and because it's
a dual streaming setup I can reboot this
computer without having to worry about
the stream going down nice yeah okay
that's pretty cool this is so overkilled
dude you've got 32 gigs of ram in here
yeah a freaking 12 core processor yeah
well that was my main gaming PC like
like you could have flipped some of this
stuff and gone with something more
modest well no no that wouldn't be the
Elijah way yeah never sell anything
exactly where's your back plate for this
I'm going to need that let me go take a
look all right the man who keeps
everything accept his mounting hardware
new plan the PC will be powered by cat
Monty you're so cute here's our plan
okay I install the old cooler again but
I do it properly this time and then we
just have a gap in the rack and it has
no top panel installed I'm fine with
that that's actually what I was going to
suggest so I hate that so much yeah well
it's better than someone driving back to
the
office I haven't even commented on the
fact that his TV is on that wall and his
couch is on that wall how the do you
watch TV like that so
like is this
how it's normally like this I moved out
of the way just for the shoot sure I
well I also have a VR headset we could
set it up today you want then I have VR
room but that's way over scoped we're
already building three computers it's
not like you need a room scale
experience for what you're doing in it
where's this tissue box stop bet it's I
bet it's right there
stop I have a wife I don't need to
actually don't leave that in my
wife would my wife would fing kill me no
you dare leave that in oh you've got the
Precision that actually would be a more
appropriate where did where did the
screwdriver go I was like so scared for
a second this is Kyle's personal so I
got so worried uh Hey where's the
mounting hardware for your case oh
that's in the server rack oh my God I
completely overlooked the server rack
Facebook Marketplace $100 liking these
cases pretty simple this is the same
company that made that Cerberus little
matx gaming saem that I have right
sliger yeah that's yeah they they have
multiple depths as well and different
like options so you can actually get
ones with 5.25 bays and other front IO
and stuff I went with these because my
server rack is pretty shallow so this is
the shallowest they make this case and
they actually don't sell Pink as one of
the options oh they reached out and they
were like hey we've been wanting to send
it to someone does the person who's
getting the upgrade want it and I said
hell yeah man these guys really don't
mess around with the number of screws
they include with this
case look at this uh I need a power
supply what am I using the old one oh
right you're putting a 1200 WT 80 plus
Platinum power supply in a freaking
second AR computer I need the I want to
make sure that this one never fails this
one can't fail actually do you know
which one did fail we just published the
labs result for the one that's going in
the NZ and it
failed both stopped functioning before
we completed our tests so we cannot
recommend it oh hey there we go nice now
I've got enough room for your stupid
Overkill power supply honestly hanging
out with Elijah makes me so much more
offended by just the exploitative sales
tactics that companies use to get people
to waste their money mhm I have this is
who they're exploiting the face is this
and the name is Elijah C for you am I
putting the Elgato card in here no you
we are
putting where'd it go the a media one
okay so I'm putting the live gamer duo
in yeah okay it's got two inputs one can
do 4K 60 or in my case 1440p 120 and one
we'll just do 1080p60 which is perfect
cuz for my webcam basically perfect I'm
pretty close to done this build I guess
they didn't include any fan screws
though right just about to put in fans
well just zip tie them that's what
Colin's doing what no yeah just take the
lean Lee ones and zip tie them but no
those
are I thought you were telling me take
the lean Lee ones to get the screws from
them no no no why are all of your fans
zip tie cuz I didn't have any
[Laughter]
screws I'm getting that weird head I get
where like I'm light headed from how
stupid something is like that's a
special headache Elijah you're welcome I
also got these two 27in Dell monitors
they do 75 HZ 1080p these are just going
to be for my streaming computer on the
side so that way I can like watch OBS
and chat so then I will take my current
monitor situation and I have another
similar stand that we're going to do on
the other side so then I'll have five
monitors total I have all the screens it
booted oh you finished with the nas
perfect it does does have display ports
but the CPU that's in here the 5,500
doesn't actually support onboard
Graphics so we're not going to be able
to get a display on it but I did
pre-install the SSD it's configured so
once we connect Network to it we'll be
able to see our
nashar but we can see at least if it
boots up oh
she so we got our fan filter nice these
will definitely stay dust and cat hair
free or at least they would if this was
going to have a top on it well we're
going to just lay the top on top like we
just like yeah okay are we putting this
in there or what yeah Elijah are you
going to put any of the PCI covers in no
I don't it's extra air flow no it's
going to take so long take some pride in
your
work Mama Mia that's a spiciest
spaghetti oh my God it looks so bad back
here so these are all the peripherals
for my streaming PC so like my stream
deck my go XLR there look how much more
quality that looks it's going to be in
the server you're not even going be able
to see it use zip ties to install your
fan so that's all we need to know about
you okay where does this one go on the
bottom that goes on the lower one y
she's at bottom do you need help um
let's say
no I said no I'm sorry there we go there
you go it's got a little she's a Lippy
boy no move your hands move your hands
you don't want your hands in there wow
look at that you can fit so much
computer in this bad boy okay where's
the next one come plus no
oh so
C done you're get didn't you adopt more
cats recently I have five now holy like
I said I have some collections
myself isn't that a great pink this is a
great pink move your hands it was in oh
totally scraping my paint thank you
hey now we're racking boys time for the
navs Colin you closed it
up well we got we got to show the people
what's ins if he wasn't so funny all the
things he says I don't think we'd put up
with having him around that's true goon
cave I thought we took the pin back
how'd you get it I blame you I don't
know wait you didn't hook up all your
backplane that's fine I only have eight
available because of this LSI card okay
so this is really practical then you can
get LSI cards that could do four of
these cables to do 16 drives this does
10 3.5s and 4 2.5S right so you should
gotten one of those then I should have
you need another fan these cards are not
designed to sit here with absolutely
nothing on like they got a little heat
sink on them because they are expecting
to be in a server or workstation with a
lot of airf flow you need a fan here
okay well good thing I grabbed the noons
oh shoot I used them all uh solve your
problem thank you what is this one it's
from your air cooler that we didn't use
oh okay cool a realistically steal more
fans from work don't do that Alex gave
me permission Alex doesn't own them he's
in charge of the inventory he's in
charge of protecting the inventory so he
knows what he can let slip by do you
want to know what he sold me well I have
two computers now right so that would in
turn mean I need two keyboards and two
mice this is why he doesn't want me
going into that room so I bought the
original belfine keyboard kit from
inventory um so you have two of them now
well yeah I have one of each she looks
all innocent but she's a predator you
know that right why she Praise
on well people like you that's fine I'll
take
it there that's kind of like yeah that's
good
enough it's good enough I swear he puts
more time and Research into things when
he like produces videos for you guys he
cares a lot do you remember our first
video
nope what are you planning to store on
this I shouldn't ask actually forget it
forget I asked no I no you stream that
you don't need to store that on hard
drive yeah exactly I also record a
backup of every stream because you can
record out of OBS at a higher bit rate
than twitch allows you to upload to so
then you get a higher quality source
file look at that they don't go all yeah
this is as far as they go uh no I'm so
triggered right now okay fine then just
do
this oh no had you considered a KVM I
considered it I didn't like the idea of
it I wanted the second Bel doine
keyboard a KVM would have allowed him
especially one from Wendell those are
super cool they'll do like quad monitors
off of a single one so you can just
switch between the computers and have
the same set of peripherals monitor
keyboard and mouse for both of them uh
but instead he'd rather clutter up his
desk with more eirl merchandise yeah we
need networking but I bought the dream
machine SE oh that's cute foam yeah it's
actually cool I like it how cute their
foam is it's the cutest foam yeah I
unironically play with it for 5 minutes
at work when I unboxed the
it acts as an NVR so you can have
security cameras and all that it acts as
a router it acts as a switch um it acts
as a UniFi controller so you can add any
UniFi devices you like without needing a
cloud key or anything like that and it
needs some ears yes where's your ears at
right here where do you want it top uh
right here nice look at that all right
for $100 I think it's a pretty good
price on our server rack
yeah ow
this you'll be proud of UPS yes I am
proud that you have a
[Music]
UPS minus treat treat this with some
respect dude dude
oh I'm taking this now do it do it yeah
yeah yeah yeah did you know he had this
no I had no idea I'm giving it to Andrew
I didn't know I had it Elijah you
actually can't steal stuff from work I
didn't know I had it what do you mean
you didn't know you had it I probably
choose your next words carefully I
probably had it in my backpack cuz we
went on a shoot where we needed it and I
probably took it out of my backpack and
forgot about
it
100% I was thinking about criticizing
his headphone choice but now I just
don't have the energy anymore what
what's wrong with it they're basic yeah
that's why I bought them do you know
what I was using before for the money
you wasted on gamergirl crap you could
have really nice headphones
honestly I'd rather use in ear these are
$12 jbl's I'd rather use them they're
really uncomfortable have you ever worn
these for an extended period time do you
have anything nice to say like why do
you come into everyone's house and
immediately criticize everything no I'm
not criticizing that you're on a budget
I'm saying that for the money those cost
they weren't that
expensive 110 us all right for the money
those cost you could have something
legitimately comfortable they are comfy
I find them comfortable and that won't
fall apart well yeah that I don't know
they'll no I do know okay well just buy
new cups from Wicked cushions but now
they don't cost 110 anymore do they oh
I'm going to save money by heating my
pool with my computer that way I save
money also line is literally floods his
entire server room so he has to buy new
computer gear okay no no no no I made
money I made a video about it and I will
[Music]
stream one of the streaming angles I set
up yeah is so that you can like kind of
watch the living room we call that the
FNAF cam or the Five Nights at Freddy's
camera uhhuh which is why I got the poe
powered dream machine so I can put UniFi
cameras nice and have them everywhere
right how many monitors are you plan to
I'm going to have five well where do
these ones go on the other side why do
you need two on a secondary PC one for
OBS and one for twitch why are you using
your g502 well because that's my
favorite Mouse well then why did you buy
a Bel deline Mouse well it came with the
set well why don't you sell it then
because comes with the set so I'm not
going to break up the set what I
actually don't think that looks very
good what what the mouse pad or the
keyboard I'll let you guys tell them
what's wrong it's like a colorblind guy
and did your interior design I like this
this is looking
good I just don't know what to do I
don't understand what goal we're driving
towards here he keeps saying we're doing
a great job but I it feels like we're
doing something
illegal so now we need to do all the
streaming stuff do you want to install
my new camera sure okay grab my camera
and grab the Elgato wall mount yes sir
we're going to remove this foam panel we
are and that's where the camera can go
wow oh there's there's an extra hole in
the
wall who to thunk it while he's finding
a stud finder we've got the Elgato wall
mount and a zv E10 which I have no idea
anything about other than that it's a
Sony camera and it comes with a lens and
it's probably pretty good probably
overkill for streaming and it does 4K I
got my drywall anchors time to put some
holes in Elijah's wall for a
change okay do you have a
hammer yeah
okay $88,000 worth of Funko Pops no
Hammer oh oh I got a hammer let's all
get hammered there you
go you use this to hammer something in
I'll wait okay get
it yeah
buddy all
right Elijah we got this I know we do
I've been confident the whole time hey I
get it whole time because this is a lot
of power in the rack I'm drawing from
two outlets so I'm bringing a power bar
all the way from over there and we're
going to use our
MCM just mounted up under the desk here
these are the Key Bar holders hey
magnetic Cable Management let's go lcg
store.com baby I only got three of the
anchors in without destroying them so
this last screw is just cosmetic
nice that's pretty
good oh yeah buddy hey not bad not bad
uh do you have a power adapter for that
because I don't want the battery to
swell up I actually bought a dummy
battery off of AliExpress nice so then
this will just go in there yep just to a
USB which I have a wall wart somewhere
that will plug in perfect and then there
you go go I don't ruin my nice battery
nice I need the HDMI from that camera
mhm so that's just a mini HDMI to a full
HDMI that's going to that a media
capture card M mhm one thing that's
really important with these micro HDMI
connections is that you have some kind
of strain relief on it we don't want the
weight of this cable just hanging off of
this connector because it will die it's
not it's not if it's when um so what I'd
like to do is zip tie these guys onto
the mount once we've got it kind of
locked in and then that way the the
weight can hang off the zip tie putting
Elijah's second graphic keyboard on his
desk by the way there's almost certainly
going to be stuff in this video that
will not make the YouTube cut especially
in light of us having one of our videos
pulled recently so uh lmg Dogg flat
plane Riley week is coming up do you
have flesh Cutters at
least I really do have my special
headache though that I get from things
being too stupid these scans like you
can play who car well I I want
you think if I wanted to make a limited
edition stupid keyboard I couldn't yeah
but you'd spend four years developing it
and call it the keyboard that one was
personal okay I think that's everything
plugged in other than power what did we
even upgrade today what do you
mean added another keyboard and a mouse
that's it and two monitors a really nice
camera this oh yeah we did a lot today
yeah should we try and fire it up what
suppos OD do you think they
work yeah exactly tell me if I'm running
you over you're good you're good okay
you can probably stop keep
going
okay I'm plugged
in oh there we go hey there we
go see those fans those are the Le and
Lee fans they're just screaming I
probably just need to configure them
here we go Bud here we go
Bud we need the pass through from that
capture card right that's the one yes I
wonder if I need the a media stuff uh if
you just want to go and give her a
little check there bud oh I flicker oh I
got three okay hey well that's great
look at that that's great this actually
kind of a sick config so 7800 x3d best
gaming chip you got the 7900 XTX that
you overpaid for because whatever and
the point is that if you're running
Windows and Linux going AMD is a great
option for your GPU then over here
you've got your old system with the 12
core ryzen 3000 processor 32 gigs of RAM
and a really good encoding card so
that's your streaming machine and you
know what I got to give you credit other
than looking like it was you
know aesthetically designed by a man um
It's relatively clean yeah it looks sick
mostly because I cleaned things thanks
all right when I saw this at Walmart for
$35 it's a mini fridge that is just in
the shape of a creeper it holds 12 cans
of pop I knew I had to have
it I actually had bought another
collector's fridge with Call Of Duty
Black Ops 3 it's the Juggernog one over
there it also fits 12 cans uh but it
broke so I needed to replace my fridge I
guess it is so flipping hot in here and
this is not going to help but it looks
really cool well it's a mini fridge I
can just leave it
open not how it works oh but in all
seriousness the setup looks pretty good
look Mom I'm a streamer
she's not proud audio is not working I'm
a streamer I'm a I'm a I'm a streamer
and I need to reconfigure it to all of
the audio coming out of this one to make
sure it's going to this OBS I haven't
been able to do that yet because we were
just getting it all working I can do
that I don't want to spend any more time
it's already I'm in the OT time now you
can't get OT for upgrading your own
house uh yeah I can how does that work
in the province of British Columbia
employees are only mandated to work for
a maximum 8 hours a day
sup new camera who even needs a
cameraman anyway when I can have three
drywall anchors oh yeah you want to go
look at the lit robot oh so you have the
hopper I don't have the hopper yeah
which generation do you have I have
generation three okay so this is the
fourth generation oo so there it is okay
uh you got an error on it yeah they're
still getting used to it but they have
used it like basically right away and
now I have an app so I get notifications
at work every time they poop nice yeah
and then the hopper you can kind of see
it on the the back there yeah so it adds
more litter every time they use it when
it detects that it needs it it
essentially is just like oh it's a
little lower on weight puts a little bit
more in that's actually kind of great
cuz like topping up the litter is the
only real work you have to do with it
yeah great
success does look good it thinks it's
running at 4K too cuz we haven't quite
configured a media and it's handling it
like pretty good Beast yeah that's what
you get when you get 7800 x3d and a 7900
XTX saarai Edition
specifically the the sac Edition does
not make it faster yeah it does no it
doesn't it's like RGB it doesn't make
your computer faster oh I don't know
about that why else would I get it
because you're
gullible thanks AMD we managed to move
his three machines to a rack which
honestly ended up looking pretty
freaking amazing we've got
these which is wonderful uh more
monitors actually this is quite the
battle station and this camera looks so
much better than the garbage you had
before and it was fine but this is way
better this does low light and this
apartment has you know not great
lighting so this will be you're going to
have to get the setting styled in a
little bit this can do better than that
oh 100% I'm going to play with it after
yeah we know you're going to play with
it after look at this
keyboard stop if you guys enjoyed this
video maybe check out Adams the first
AMD ultimate Tech upgrade it definitely
was a vibe